Add user documentation (#27)
fluxcd/go-git-providers: README.md

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fluxcd/go-git-providers?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/fluxcd/go-git-providers/releases/latest)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/fluxcd/go-git-providers/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

[go-git-providers](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/fluxcd/go-git-providers) is a general-purpose Go client for interacting with Git providers' APIs (e.g. GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket).

## Features

> - **Consistency:** Using the same Client interface and high-level structs for multiple different backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Consistency:** Using the same Client interface and high-level structs for multiple backends.
```

- **Authentication:** Personal Access Tokens, OAuth2 Tokens, and unauthenticated.

> - **Pagination:** List calls always automatically return all available pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pagination:** List calls automatically return all available pages.
```

> - **Conditional Requests:** Asks the Git provider if cached data is up-to-date before requesting, to not burn quota unnecessarily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Conditional Requests:** Asks the Git provider if cached data is up-to-date before requesting, to avoid being rate limited.
```

> - **Reconciling:** Support reconciling desired state towards actual state, and know if any action was taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reconciling:** Support reconciling desired state towards actual state and drift detection.
```

- **Low-level access:** Access the underlying, provider-specific data easily, if needed, and support applying it to the server.
- **Wrapped errors:** Data-rich, Go 1.14-errors are consistent across provider, including cases like rate limit, validation, not found, etc.
- **Go modules:** The major version is bumped if breaking changes, or major library upgrades are made.

> - **Validation-first:** Both server and user data is validated before used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Validation-first:** Both server and user data is validated prior to manipulation.
```
